Assessment Task
Students are advised to review and adhere to the submission requirements documented after the assessment task.

Scenario: Population in Ireland
A large amount of data has been collected by The Central Statistics Office in Ireland in relation to the population of Ireland, This data is available at:  

https://data.cso.ie/product/pme

You are required to choose a particular area of interest and formulate the appropriate questions for modelling and analysis. For Example (but not limited to):

Annual Population Change
Immigration and Migration
Population Forecasting
 etc…
You are required to collect, process, analyse and interpret the data in order to identify possible issues/problems at present and make predictions/classifications in regard to the future. This analysis will rely on the available data from CSO and any additional data you deem necessary (with supporting evidence) to support your hypothesis for this scenario.

This will require you to employ critical analysis of not only the domain of choice but also for the regression and or classification that you undertake.

Note: This is an academic exercise and not a hypothetical report to the CSO.

CA1 NOTE DO NOT ZIP YOUR SUBMISSION FILES, ALL FILES MUST BE SUBMITTED INDIVIDUALLY

Submissions that are suspected of plagiarism and/or inclusion of AI (CHATGBT, BARD etc…) Generated content will be referred to the college authorities.

Note ALL Students are required to use Git for any Assignments that they are working on. 


This means that ALL changes must be committed to Git during your assignment. (Not just a single commit at the end!) This is to allow you to display your incremental progress throughout the assessments, give you practice for your capstone/thesis, allows you to create an online portfolio that can be used to showcase your work and to ensure that there are no problems with final uploads (as all your work will be available on GitHub). It is expected that there will be a minimum of 10 commits (with many of you making very many more). You may Only use your CCT email for your git account, private/work email-based accounts will not be accepted. You must also include ALL your lecturer's CCT emails as a collaborator on your account.

MSC_DA_InterGr_CA1_v8.docx
MSC_DA_InterGr_CA1_v8.docx
2 November 2023, 8:41 AM
